staying at Planet Hollywood this is the
resort room around the 23rd floor
there's me oh yes this is our first
morning after our first night so we've
already trashed the room get his and her
sinks
yeah a tub that I thought was supposed
to be a Jacuzzi time it's just a really
deep bathtub and a Vanessa Williams on
the movie eraser John I've already spent
some time in there nice big shower
plenty high enough I'm six foot that's
about probably six and a half feet off
the ground soon
okay
easy-to-clean size beds
Arnold on the wall desk that's for junk
chairs nice TV that's all we placed our
view of the south strip
not right because they didn't have any
mountain view available
I'm going on
where is it
Arnold artifacts if you will concealed
within the table extremely comfortable
beds slept like a rock
exactly who this is I've never seen this
movie
apparently her name is Lee : call me an
idiot I don't know
and two big windows that's about it
Planet Hollywood Vegas Vegas